# Guided Exercise: Creating User Registry

In this exercise you will learn all the steps that are required to create Local User Registries in IBM API Connect v10. You will add new users
and assign roles to them.

## Creating User Registry for use in API Manager

1. Login to Cloud Manager using your ```admin``` account.
2. Go to ```Resources -> User Registries```. Click ```Create``` button.
3. Select ```Local User Registry``` tile.
4. Input the following information:
   * **Title**: Workshop User Registry
   * **Display Name**: Workshop User Registry
   * **Summary**: User registry used in a workshop.
5. Click ```Save``` button.
6. Verify that the user registry visibility is set to ```Public```.
7. Once user registry is created, it needs to be associated with API Connect component - either Cloud Manager or API Manager. Go to ```Settings -> User Registries```.
   Click ```Edit``` button above ```API Manager``` section. Select ```Workshop User Registry``` that you have created in previous step in addition to existing user registry.
8. Create new Provider Organization that will be using this new User Registry. Go to ```Provider Organizations``` and click ```Add``` button. Select ```Create organization```
   from drop-down.
9. Fill in following information:
   * **Title**: UR Workshop Test
   * **User Registry**: Workshop User Registry
   * **Type of user**: New user
   * **Username**: apicadmin
   * **Email**: apicadmin@think.ibm
   * **First name**: Apic
   * **Last name**: Admin
   * Type in new password for apicadmin user.
10. Click ```Create```. New Provider organization is being created that will utilize this new user registry.
11. Login to API Manager using newly created user registry and user.
12. Select ```Members``` menu from the menu. Click ```Invite member``` button. Specify following information:
    * **Email**: community@think.ibm
    * **Assign roles**: Community Manager
    Click ```Invite```.
13. Click on the activation link, select the ```Workshop User Registry``` and fill in the information for first sign up:
    * **Username**: community
    * **First Name**: Community
    * **Last Name**: Manager
    * type in new password for community user.
    Click ```Sign up```.
14. Go to ```Manage Catalogs```. Note that you are not able to create new catalog and most of the settings are read-only.

Congratulations! You have created new User Registry and new users with specific roles.

## Adding new user to Cloud Manager

1. Login to Cloud Manager using your ```admin``` account.
2. Choose ```Members``` from your left-hand menu.
3. Click ```Add``` button and select ```Add user``` from drop-down.
4. Fill in following information:
   * **Type of user**: New user
   * **Username**: topology
   * **Email**: topology@think.ibm
   * **First Name**: Topology
   * **Last Name**: Administrator
   * Type in password for ```topology``` user
   * **Assign roles**: Topology Administrator
   Click ```Create```.
5. Log out from Cloud Manager and login as ```topology``` user.
6. Note that Cloud Manager UI differs when you login as topology administrator.

Congratulations! You have created new cloud manager user with specific roles.
